[SYLVIA] Regarding Twilight's
mission next week.
[SYLVIA]
To cover all our bases,
we're assigning
you to it as well.
As proposed, it is now
a joint operation.
[SYLVIA]
Don't let us down.
[FIONA]
Yes, ma'am.
[NARRATOR] Fiona Frost, a clerk
at Berlint General Hospital.
Her true identity, a WISE agent.
Relay the update
to Twilight as well.
You two can work out your
plan of attack together.
[FIONA]
Yes, ma'am.
Make sure none of this gets
in the way of Operation Strix.
This comes second.
[FIONA]
How is Strix progressing?
[SYLVIA]
Slow and steady.
But it was always expected
to be a long-term plan.
I must apologize.
If only I'd been available
when the mission started.
I could've supported Agent
Twilight by playing his wife.
Though perhaps
it's not too late.
[SYLVIA]
It is.
Eden will find it suspicious
if he suddenly remarries.
Plus, his current
wife is a local,
so that has its own advantages.
The family will stay as is.
Don't get distracted from the
mission you've been assigned.
But if the Forger wife just
happened to abandon the role,
then we'd have no choice.
[SYLVIA]
Hm?
Don't go getting any
ideas, understand?
Excuse me.
[SYLVIA]
Hey!
Damn scary.
You hear that?
She's trying to insert
herself into Twilight's op
to steal the glory
and get ahead.
She'd stab anyone in the back
to make a name for herself.
[NARRATOR]
They call her ruthless,
cold-blooded, and brazen.
She pursues her missions
with a face of stone,
showing no hint of emotion.
Codename: Nightfall.
A woman driven by ambition.
[sighs]
I keep thinking I'll
nail breakfast,
and then keep screwing it up.
[TWILIGHT]
Uh...
Which leads to Loid making
lunch for us again
because I'm such a failure.
I need to figure out how to make
something other than stew.
[doorbell rings]
[YOR]
I wonder who that is.
Coming!
Hello. And who might you be?
[FIONA]
I beg your pardon.
I'm a colleague
of Doctor Forger's.
My name is Fiona Frost.
Oh, you work with Loid.
I'm sorry. My husband
is out walking our dog
with our daughter at the moment.
[FIONA]
Is he?
[FIONA] Yes, I'm well aware.
That's why I'm here.
Your daughter left
something behind
when she came to visit the
hospital the other day.
I wanted to return it.
[YOR]
Oh, her magnifying glass.
Thank you, this is
very thoughtful.
Uh, since you came
all this way,
why don't you wait
for him inside?
Well, if you insist,
I won't say no.
[YOR]
Here you go.
Thank you.
[YOR]
Wow. She's so beautiful.
Yes, what is it?
Nothing!
[FIONA]
Your home is quite lovely.
What, does she think
I'm her husband's mistress
or something?
Though I suppose I do plan
to steal the role of his wife,
so she's not entirely wrong.
The decorating was
my hu-my husband.
[FIONA]
Yor Briar.
If you're delaying
Operation Strix,
I'll personally see to
it you're disposed of.
But with the skill with which
this woman carries herself,
I may never find an opening.
[YOR]
Outside of Yuri and Franky,
this is the first guest
we've had over.
I'm so nervous!
I'm a housewife.
A regular housewife.
[FIONA] Attempting to take
care of her myself
would be too risky anyway.
Far better to make her leave
this house of her own volition.
[FIONA]
Your daughter, Anya, was it?
She seems rather lively.
Yes, if nothing else,
she's always a bundle of energy!
That must be quite difficult.
Raising a child like
that can be exhausting.
[FIONA] After all, she's
only your stepdaughter.
You could free yourself of that
burden whenever you wanted.
Difficult, huh?
Why would you say that?
I love that she's so
energetic all the time.
Now, if she were down in
the dumps around the clock,
that would be a real challenge.
I'm lucky that the two of us
are able to have so
much fun together.
[FIONA] Hm. So she sees
herself as the girl's mother.
Well, actually, parenthood does
seem a bit challenging for Loid,
considering everything
he has to do for work.
And around the house
because of me.
[FIONA]
Exactly.
You need to acknowledge
your inadequacy.
You aren't fit for this mission.
Oh, right, that. Well,
since you brought it up.
I often hear Doctor
Forger complain.
Something about
his wife always--
We have returned safely!
[BOND barks]
Welcome back!
[TWILIGHT]
Oh.
Hi, Fiona. What are
you doing here?
Hello, Doctor. Good to see you.
[FIONA]
I thought I had more time.
[YOR]
She came by to return something
that you left behind
at the hospital.
Yay, my magnifying glass!
I see. Well, thank you.
[TWILIGHT] She came all
the way to my home?
Is there an emergency?
That wasn't a very
long walk, was it?
[TWILIGHT] It was starting
to look like rain,
so we cut it short.
You could've just
given me this at work.
I was out running a few errands,
and it was on the way.
[ANYA]
Whoa, this lady's a spy, too?
I see. The local supermarket?
[TWILIGHT]
What is she up to?
Agents are supposed to avoid
unnecessary contact.
Yes, that's correct.
Their onions were on sale.
Oh, I had no idea!
Maybe I should go pick some up!
[FIONA] They've also
got their pumpkins
and pasta at a discount.
There was a long line
at the register.
[TWILIGHT] I recommend
their shrimp. It's good.
[FIONA] I must have never
told you this, Doctor,
but I'm actually
allergic to shrimp.
[inaudible]
[ANYA] I think Papa and
this new lady are fighting.
Is she a bad guy spy?
Her face is scary.
[FIONA]
Agent Twilight.
I love you.
[ANYA]
Huh?
[FIONA]
I love you!
[TWILIGHT] Mmm!
This is delicious, Nightfall!
I'm glad to hear it.
[TWILIGHT] You can even
cook and do laundry?
You're just the best!
[FIONA]
You flatter me.
Oh, Twilight, here are my
earnings for the month.
Use them however you'd like.
[TWILIGHT]
Nightfall, you're just--!
[FIONA] Oh, I've also
extensively researched
your enemies
for your next mission.
What kind of weapons they
use, their names, ages,
and even how many gray
hairs they have!
Absolutely incredible
as always, Nightfall!
How perfect can you be?
I don't need that dimwit
of a wife anymore.
[YOR crying]
For the sake of world peace,
let's get married, Nightfall.
Oh, dear Twilight!
I'm all yours, and not
just for the mission!
[NARRATOR]
Codename: Nightfall.
A woman driven by ambition.
Specifically, to marry Twilight.
[FIONA]
I'm far more qualified
to be his wife than her.
I'd give him all the
support he needed,
both on his missions
and at home!
We would honeymoon on a
romantic, tropical island.
[TWILIGHT]
What is she thinking?
[YOR]
Oh!
How about I pour us
all some coffee?
Would you like a cup
of hot cocoa, Anya?
Anya, are you okay?
Well, since you brought it up.
I often hear Doctor
Forger complain.
Something about
his wife always--
She's just always so
clumsy and useless.
Maybe I'll report her
to the authorities.
Hey, Fiona, wanna be
my wife instead?
Wait, are you serious?
Sure, I guess I could
come over sometime.
[YOR] But even if he does
feel that way about me
and wants me gone,
I can't exactly blame him.
I can't even make breakfast
without burning it.
[YOR]
Here you go.
Cocoa time!
I got milk if anyone needs it.
Great, I appreciate that.
[FIONA] Hmph. Twilight
prefers his coffee black.
I've never seen him add a drop
of milk in my entire life.
You've been playing his
wife this whole time
and you didn't even notice?
Pathetic. It should be me.
What? That's impossible.
Could family life have
changed Twilight's tastes?
Does that mean there's a side
of him I don't know about?
A side he only shows this woman?
Oh, I see.
This is just part of his
"Loid Forger" character.
He's so committed
to his performance
that he lets his circumstances
affect his food and
drink preferences!
It only makes me love him more.
[TWILIGHT]
Hopefully the milk will lessen
the damage to my stomach.
Actually, maybe I should ask her
to make me decaf going forward.
[ANYA]
This lady is crazy.
Uh.
Hey, be careful!
[YOR]
Are you all right, Anya?
You didn't get burnt, did you?
I'm sorry. I made a mess.
[FIONA]
Hmph. What a careless child.
If Twilight had
properly trained her,
she would've been able
to catch the cup
well before it hit the
table and spilled.
But he's far too busy fixing
their mistakes for that.
Stay back, Bond!
Don't you dare lick that up.
It's poison to you, understand?
[FIONA]
In that case.
It falls upon the wife to
raise a strong daughter.
But this woman won't even scold
the child, much less train her.
If I were her mother,
I'd manage her schedule
by the minute.
I'd whip that girl into shape,
both physically and mentally.
I could turn her into
a Stella-winning machine
in but a month's time.
[ANYA] I definitely do
not want this mama!
Cocoa does have some
nutritional properties,
so this was a good choice.
[ANYA gasps]
[YOR]
Uh?
[ANYA]
Uh.
Oh, Mama, sometimes I
just love you so much!
[YOR] Huh? Where's this coming
from all of a sudden?
The way you cleaned
up my hot cocoa
shows you're the best
mama in the whole world!
[YOR]
Anya!
[TWILIGHT]
What kind of reason is that?
[FIONA] Hmph. I can be
loving, too, you know.
[FIONA] Oh, Anya. I have some
delicious, imported cocoa.
Want me to bring it next time?
[yells]
[FIONA]
My word.
Sorry about that,
maybe she's nervous
because you've only just met.
Anya, why don't you go
play with Bond somewhere?
[ANYA] My mama and papa
get along so good!
And I got Bond here, too!
I'm so lucky I get to be the
daughter of the Forger family!
Oh, boy, I'm just so happy.
For real. Not lying.
Listen, Loid, I'm gonna
try even harder!
I'll do everything I possibly
can for this family!
I'll clean up all the hot cocoa!
I swear, okay?
Huh? Okay.
[FIONA] You should be
teaching the girl
not to spill anything at all.
It should be me.
[TWILIGHT chuckles]
You already work
hard enough, Yor.
That's why Anya
loves you so much.
Seriously, I couldn't ask
you for anything more.
Do you mean that?
I'll try to be better!
I just said you're fine
as you are, silly.
[FIONA]
Look at that fake smile.
[TWILIGHT]
Listen, Nightfall.
A spy must never show their true
feelings, no matter what.
Understood, Twilight.
Kill your emotions.
Show no weakness.
[FIONA]
Understood, Twilight.
I'll strive to have a
poker face for all my life.
You mean... on missions.
[FIONA]
Lionel in national defense.
Lawrence in the black market.
Robert, a government
official's attache.
I've seen Twilight in countless
roles over the years.
I know that masterful
fake smile of his.
[FIONA] But there's a hint of
real emotion beneath this one.
[FIONA] Oh, I just realized
I forgot to buy those potatoes
I meant to get.
I should probably take my leave.
[YOR] Uh, you're more
than welcome to wait
until the rain dies down--
[FIONA]
Excuse me.
[ANYA]
She left.
[sighs]
I didn't see an umbrella on her.
I'll walk her to the station.
[YOR]
That's a good idea.
Be careful! See you
in a little bit.
[TWILIGHT]
Hey, Fiona!
Want this?
[FIONA]
Good timing.
There's something I forgot
to tell you back there.
For your next mission,
you require a partner,
so Handler has assigned
me to accompany you.
[TWILIGHT] Uh. How could you
forget to mention that?
It should be top priority.
Are you okay?
[FIONA]
I'm glad it's raining right now.
[TWILIGHT]
Nightfall?
[FIONA]
I'll hide these feelings
for as long as it takes.
[FIONA] I'll brief you on
the details at the hospital.
[FIONA]
Because that's what spies do.
Because that's what
you taught me to do.
I have to--until
this cold war ends.
But for now...
[FIONA]
Twilight.
[FIONA] Even being your fake
wife would be enough,
as long as I'm with you.
[FIONA] Playing house for
so long has made you soft.
[FIONA]
On our next mission,
I'll show you just how
capable I really am.
So try not to hold me back
on our next operation.
[FIONA] I'll make you realize
that I'm the only one
fit to be your wife.
No one else.
[TV NARRATOR A] The army
cartography corps Bear Squad
is on the scene!
[TWILIGHT] Anya, time to brush
your teeth and go to bed.
[ANYA]
Okie.
I don't know about surveying
the enemy base, captain.
Could be dangerous!
Look, Bond, the polar bear
kinda looks like you.
--[gunshot]
--[ANYA gasps]
[RABBIT A]
Oh, no! Peggie's been shot!
Just leave me behind and
get yourselves outta here.
But promise me this,
promise me you'll bring
peace to the world
like we always dreamed.
Penguin, no! What happened?
You gotta get up! You can't
let a dumb gun beat you!
Hey! I told you to go to bed!
And why is this cartoon so dark?
Ah! The penguin!
I wanna sleep with Mister
Penguin tonight, can I?
Okay by me.
[ANYA]
Goodnight.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
[BOND]
Jealous.
[ANYA screams]
What happened?!
[ANYA]
My penguin's dead!
Agent Penguin!
Who did this to you?
They're gonna pay!
I promise to bring peace to
the world like you dreamed!
Am I crazy,
or do those look like
scratches and bite marks?
[gasps]
[BOND]
Penguin bad. Stole Anya.
[ANYA]
So it was you, Bond!
How dare you!
[TWILIGHT]
Calm down!
I can't believe you,
Bond! I hate you!
[YOR]
Aww, poor Anya. Don't worry.
I'll sew him right up
and make him all better.
[ANYA]
My penguin will be alive again?
Wait, what?
Why's his head detached?
It wasn't like that earlier!
What happened to him?!
He's even deader than before!
I'm sorry! I'm so sorry!
It's okay, Anya.
I can always just buy
a new one for you.
Nuh-uh! This Mister Penguin's
special; he's important to me!
You gave him to me,
Papa. I want him!
[TWILIGHT] All right.
I'll fix him up, then.
Go eat something and maybe
do so some homework.
[TWILIGHT]
Hm?
[ANYA crying]
[knocking]
[TWILIGHT]
He's all better, Anya.
[ANYA gasps]
[ANYA] He looks kind
of Frankenstein-y.
[TWILIGHT]
Yeah, couldn't avoid that.
Um. Scars are like
medals of valor.
Sure, Agent Penguin got hurt,
but they're honorable injuries
he received in the line of duty.
Whoa, medals?
[TWILIGHT] Yup. His scars are
nothing to be ashamed of.
Evil Bond! What do
you want from us?
[ANYA]
Huh? Peanuts?
Are you saying sorry to me?
I think he wants
you to forgive him.
How 'bout it? Remember
what Bondman said?
"Yesterday's enemy is
today's ally," right?
[ANYA]
That's from episode 18!
[ANYA] Um, I was really
hurt pretty bad,
but I'm willing to
call a cease-fire
on behalf of your generous
gift of these truce peanuts.
Also... I'm sorry I said
I hate you. I didn't mean it.
[ANYA yelps]
[ANYA laughing]
With this, the peace
treaty's officially signed!
[ANYA laughing]
[TWILIGHT] I wish things
could be this easy
for the East and West.
[inaudible]